Getting started with HtmlEditor 21 1 (#2242)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/00 Getting Started with HtmlEditor/00 Getting Started with HtmlEditor.md

> The HtmlEditor is a WYSIWYG editor that allows users to format textual and visual content and output it in HTML or Markdown. The following features are supported:

Reviewer: Why do we list features again (and it a different format?). Isn't this all the same section / topic? Maybe a preview can help me see what's going on. I can comment on the items below... But maybe we should either reuse the same list, or not repeat the list. I don't see a reason to have two slightly different lists.

Reviewer 2: The previous list is used as content for an HtmlEditor embedded into the page. This list is part of the article. Here's how the whole thing looks:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18551316/118772587-99c9bf00-b88c-11eb-8f82-0217d5e9d74b.png)

- [Adaptive toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Getting_Started_with_HtmlEditor/#Configure_the_Toolbar) 
- [Built-in formats' and modules' extension](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/HtmlEditor/10%20Formats/33%20Customize%20Built-In%20Formats%20and%20Modules '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Formats/#Customize_Built-In_Formats_and_Modules')
- [Custom formats and modules](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxHtmlEditor/3%20Methods/get(componentPath).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Methods/#getcomponentPath')
- [Tables](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Getting_Started_with_HtmlEditor/#Work_with_Tables)
- [Mail-merge placeholders](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxHtmlEditor/1%20Configuration/variables '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/variables/') (for example, %username%)
- [Mentions](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/HtmlEditor/Mentions/) (for example, @person)
- Drag and drop images
- Copy-paste rich content (unsupported formats are removed)

> The HtmlEditor has the following specificities:

Reviewer: We should find a synonym for "specificity". Ray already mentioned it at some point - it doesn't mean what it means in Russian. Obviously we can say "restriction" or "limitation". Or maybe we can say something like this: "Note the following about the HtmlEditor functionality."

Reviewer 2: I prefer your version for this one, but in the future maybe we could use the word "specifics"?

```suggestion
Note the following about the HtmlEditor functionality:
```

> - Users cannot edit the layout. The HtmlEditor is designed to format textual content only.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand. I can't add/remove a paragraph? Add image? Add table? I think all those were listed in the table above. Are these not considered as layout changes?  Then what's a layout change? 

Also you say "designed to format textual content only". In the same section above you say "format textual and visual content". Which version is right?

Reviewer 2: I discussed both these limitations with developers, and here's how they should sound:

```suggestion
- The HtmlEditor does not produce a fully structured HTML document with a `<!DOCTYPE>`, a `<head>`, and a `<body>`. Its purpose is to output markup that contains formatted rich content for an article, forum post, and the like.
```

> - Users cannot save full HTML markup. The HtmlEditor supports only a subset of [tags and attributes](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Tags_and_Attributes/). Everything else is discarded.

Reviewer: If this is a rich editor, a WYSIWYG editor as you said, then I assume that all formatting that I apply using buttons and toolbars will be preserved. Do you mean there's also an option to edit HTML directly? If so, we need to be specific that this only applies to that option (if I'm correct in my assumption).

Reviewer 2: There are many valid HTML tags, but the HtmlEditor saves only a subset of them.

```suggestion
- The HtmlEditor saves only a subset of [tags and attributes](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Tags_and_Attributes/). Everything else is discarded.
```

    - Typeface, font size, text color changes (HTML only)
- [Block formats](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Formats/):
    - Headers
    - Lists (ordered and unordered)
    - Code blocks
    - Quotes
- [Built-in format customization](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Formats/#Customize_Built-In_Formats_and_Modules)
- [HTML and Markdown support](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Getting_Started_with_HtmlEditor/#Set_the_Output_Markup_Language)
- [Mail Merge](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/variables/)
- [Adaptive toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Getting_Started_with_HtmlEditor/#Configure_the_Toolbar) for working with images, links, and color formats
- Copy-paste rich content (the control strips unsupported formats)
- Embedded images specified as a link to an image file or as base64-encoded binary data
- [Mentions](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/HtmlEditor/Mentions/) (for example, @person)
- [Tables](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Getting_Started_with_HtmlEditor/#Work_with_Tables)

Note the following about the HtmlEditor functionality:

> - The HtmlEditor does not produce a fully structured HTML document with a `<!DOCTYPE>`, a `<head>`, and a `<body>`. Its purpose is to output markup that contains formatted rich content for an article, forum post, and the like.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The HtmlEditor does not produce a fully structured HTML document with a `<!DOCTYPE>`, a `<head>`, and a `<body>`. Its purpose is to output markup that contains formatted rich content for an article, forum post, and so on.
```
